PaintWorklet is not an interface (#26038)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/worklet/addmodule/index.md

);
```

> Once a [paint worklet](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSS/paintWorklet) is included, the CSS {{cssxref("image/paint", "paint()")}} function

Reviewer: Do you think "once the script has been added to the [paint worklet](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSS/paintWorklet)..." might be better? We're not actually adding the `paintWorklet` here are we?

Author: Yes, you are right:
```suggestion
Once the script has been added to the [paint worklet](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSS/paintWorklet), the CSS {{cssxref("image/paint", "paint()")}} function
```
